Today's Tutorial is from my 7 Deadly sins
series, and I am doing Gluttony.
I'm taking an Orange shadow and applying this
above the lid and kind of following the way
my eye shape is.
And then, I'm going to take a yellow shadow
and go underneath the brow and extend it to
the bridge of my nose, but i'm not going to
go all the way down, I'm just going to stop
in the center of my nose and just above my
brows.
Then, I'm going to take a more defined brush,
and kind of intensify that orange color and
follow that yellow line.
And I did experiment with a pink blush, but
it wasn't as vibrant as I wanted it to be,
so I switched off to a pink shadow.
But I am going to use the blush to kind of
map out and gradient my under eye area.
And then, Take that yellow shadow and go underneath
the waterline.
And with a lime green shadow, I'm going to
add this to the tear duct and on the outer
corner of the eye.
On the lid, I'm applying that same yellow
shadow; I did spray it with some setting spray,
so that way it was more intensified and vibrant.
And again, blending out that pink color.
Adding a little bit of mascara to the upper
and lower lashes.
And you can add falsies if you want.
I didn't have any falsies that I liked, so
I just skipped it.
And for the lips, I'm applying my city color
lip stain gloss — and I really love it!
This is in the pink color and all the products
will be listed in the description bar, as
usual, so please open that up, and check it
out if you have any questions.
And we are finished!
Thank you guys for watching this tutorial.
I hope you enjoyed it!
Please give it a thumbs up and share it with
your google+ and subscribe for more!
Love yous!